Issue 807 - Customizable Markdown options (#808)
plotly/dash-table: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- [#808](https://github.com/plotly/dash-table/pull/808)Fix a regression introduced with [#787](https://github.com/plotly/dash-table/pull/787) making it impossible to open markdown links in the current tab.
    - Adds a new `markdown_options` property that supports:

>         - `linkTarget` nested prop with values `_blank`, `_parent`, `_self`, `_top` (default: `_blank`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `link_target` nested prop with values `_blank`, `_parent`, `_self`, `_top` or an arbitrary string (default: `_blank`)
```
